PirateScope
-----------

A simple oscilloscope client for the Bus Pirate universal serial
interface.  (Visit http://dangerousprototypes.com/docs/Bus_Pirate for
more information.)


System Requirements
-------------------

Operating System:
- Although in princple cross-platform, PiratScope has only been tested
  on a Debian GNU/Linux system.

Software:
- Python 2.x (http://www.python.org/)
- wxPython (http://www.wxpython.org/)
- numpy (http://www.numpy.org/)

Hardware:
- Bus Pirate with firmware v5.9 or later


Usage notes
-----------

PirateScope has several modes of operation,  the default being the
continuous sampling mode without synchronisation.  This is a good
starting point, as it allows you to see whether any signal is being
received. The sampling rate and the total number of samples displayed
on the graph can each be adjusted at any time using the controls on
the right-hand side of the "Sampling" panel.

Once you're getting a clear signal, it may be sensible to select one
of the triggering radio buttons at the bottom-right of the screen.
These only begin capture and display of samples when the input voltage
level crosses the "trigger" voltage level.  This voltage level can be
adjusted by shifting the vertical slider to the right of the graph.
(The current trigger level can be shown on the graph by selecting the
relevant option from the View menu.)  The "Offset" spin control allows
you to adjust the time offset of the displayed data relative to the
trigger time, so that signal immediately prior or some time after the
triggering event can be observed.

For capturing rare events, it may be sensible to use the triggering
mode in combination with the "Single shot" sampling mode.  It is also
possible to perform single shot sampling without triggering, although
this is less useful.

Selecting the "Spectrum" checkbox replaces the time domain output with
a frequency domain graph of the same signal.  This is the magnitude of
a Fourier transform of the most recent window of the captured signal.
(This is continuously updated as more data is acquired, but only the
most recent window of data is ever used to compute the spectrum.) The
maximum frequency is set by the Nyquist frequency, which is half the
current sampling rate.
